# Artificial Intelligance (AI) in this module

Use of Artificial intelligence such as LLMs like ChatGPT, Gemini etc can be a help and a hindrance in learning to code. Here is some guidance and information on our expectations.

## AI for writing reports

The use of generative AI tools for writing reports **is not permitted**. All content in your reports must be your own work. The use of generative AI tools may be considered a form of academic misconduct, specifically **false authorship**. You can see the University's [Quality Manual](https://www.nottingham.ac.uk/qualitymanual/assessment-awards-and-deg-classification/pol-academic-misconduct.aspx) sections 2.2.2 for more information.

## AI as a learning tool

While we do not restrict the use of AI tools to aid your learning, we encourage you to limit their use for a number of reasons:
- **Understanding**: Relying too heavily on AI tools can impede your understanding. It's important to develop your own problem-solving skills.
- **Skill Development**: Programming is a skill that improves with practice. Using AI tools excessively may prevent you from developing the necessary skills to code independently.
- **Differing Conventions**: Quantum mechanics and quantum computing are large fields and there are many differing conventions, so AI tools may generate code that does not align with the conventions used in this module.
- **Errors and Misconceptions**: AI-generated code may contain errors or misconceptions that could lead to confusion. Always verify the correctness of any code generated by AI tools.
- **Irrelevant content**: In this module we are provided a very small snapshot of the field of quantum computing. The module has been carefully designed to focus on the relevant aspects. AI tools may generate content that is not relevant to the module.

## AI for writing code

When it comes to writing code for your final project, generative AI tools may be used as an aid. However, any use of AI tools must be properly acknowledged in your submission. As explained above, we would highly recommend limiting your use of AI tools to ensure you fully understand the code you are writing. In the presentation aspect of your assessment, you may be asked questions about the code you submit, so it is important that you understand it fully.

